What we are building towards is kind of
this concept of a new UI for the
product, right? Just think about how
much these large companies invest in
their mobile app or their website. And
this literally how everyone communicates
with them. So this could be a way where
eventually the way any user interacts
with any brand is through an AI agent.
Perhaps
an interesting place to begin, I bet you
don't expect this, is for you to tell us
a little bit about the phrase that
you've talked about that's written on
your wall in the office.
>> There's no challenge that can't be
overcome and there's no enemy that can't
be defeated.
>> We just like it. I think it really fits
our culture. Um, people there are We
have a very competitive team. Everyone
wants to win. we have a lot of energy
when we're trying to go out and build
because it just feels like hey it's you
know there's all this stuff happening in
the industry like we have you know such
a strong team let's just go and win uh
motivated by so my my dad told me this I
don't know if this is uh actually
validated or not but at Huawei in in
China there's uh it's obviously massive
company but they're known for just
having like killer culture and they have
some version of this written in Chinese
of course like in just big red letters
across the back of the the big uh big
hall. Um so yeah, really like that and
uh it's kind of interesting any time
that someone walks in, they it like
stands out. The code stands out.
>> I I I asked about it to begin because
I'd love to spend some time on just what
this environment is like building a
company like yours against formidable
competitors in probably the most
exciting era of technology that any of
us will ever live through. And words
like this uh defeated I've heard the
word violence recently about a company
culture aggression like these these are
not words that were being used three
years ago or four years ago in fact if
you use them it was a big problem for
you and obviously that has completely
shifted and not only have founders
started using these words but like I
think talent and and senior people are
like rallied around them like they they
want to be in a culture that is
defeating enemies or violent or
aggressive. So m maybe just riff for a
while on what it's like to be building
and competing in one of the you know one
of the big areas in your case um
conversational AI etc at this moment in
time because it's just so different than
it was a couple years ago. Our whole
view is that any space that's worth
going after like any large hot market,
it's going to be competitive. And this
is not really specific to AI, right? If
you think about data bricks versus
snowflake or ramp versus bricks and like
anytime there's these big massive growth
opportunities like you know people are
rational want to go after it. Yeah, it
is it is exciting but of course people
everyone knows it is competitive right
because if there is market then
everyone's trying to build it. There's
it's quite easy to start a company these
days. you can raise funding really
easily. And so when you go out there,
you have to have a pretty deep
understanding of like what your
competitive advantages are. And you
know, one of those could be the culture.
And if you build a good culture that's
pretty hard to replicate, it also kind
of lasts quite quite a long time. And um
yeah, to your point, if you you have a
culture where everyone is really geared
towards just like succeeding and working
hard and having some level of intensity,
it can go a long way. So yeah and then I
I think to your point of sort of a lot
of companies adopting similar mindsets I
do think from my observation this
generation of company building has
attracted like a almost like my
demographic of person where we uh it's
just like people that grew up in fairly
like competitive environments academics
or or whatever and um a lot of these
founders have done well right like uh
did a lot of math contests and coding
contests growing up and a lot of the
people around my age are doing startups
now and people are doing quite well and
I think there is some element of like
hey if you if you really embrace this
sort of like hardcore
uh lifestyle or environment growing up
then yeah I think it lends itself pretty
well to the current situation because
there's a lot of parallels.
>> I was with Scott uh Woo from Cognition
recently who is is well known to be like
one of these math champions you as well.
Talk about that environment like what
was that competitive market like? What
was it kind of let people into that
world? Because obviously it shaped you a
lot
>> when you look back just like now that
you know we're all grown up. It is kind
of like a pretty
intense way to grow up. But I think I I
mean I I look back on my childhood with
very fond memories. It's like a you get
a really nice community, a lot of people
that are kind of doing the same thing. I
grew up in Colorado in Boulder and so
Boulder is a pretty academic town, but
there's not very many people that are
like super gunning for like, you know,
these contests or like performing at a
and a lot of a lot of my friends just
kind of grew up in not the places you
would think, right? Like California,
Texas, New York. And so it gives you
some level of community of like, okay,
there's yeah, there's a lot of other
people out there that are kind of doing
the same things as you and you kind of
meet a lot of them. And then now that
we're all grown up, you know, those
relationships have last lasted for for a
long time. But yeah, the environment is
one where it's like, you know, it's like
similar to company building. You're like
how well you're doing is like fairly
objective. Um there's a lot that has to
go into it. There's a lot of
preparation. Um a lot of just like
having the feeling of it's it is like a
long-term thing, but because you're your
results are fairly objective, there's
just constant motivation to improve. Um
and so I think that's that's quite nice.
One of my big thesis is that there's a
lot of untapped potential there into
actually like turning them into people
that, you know, want to do business or
companies and things like that. A lot of
them have historically gone into, you
know, trading or uh academia. And I
mean, those are perfectly like awesome
jobs, but it's it's more of like a lot
of the folks here um what the sort of
this background is correlated to one
where it's a little bit more like risk
averse and kind of just like, you know,
get your good grades and like follow a
track. And if you can kind of divert
some of that talent into like, you know,
company building, I think there's just a
lot that can be done.
>> What are the parallels? Like what what
was it what is it about the people or
the training or the specific aptitude in
the competitions that make you good at
company building and others good at
company building? Like this seems like
an obvious true trend that there's
enough sample size now of people that
had this background that are doing
extremely well in this environment.
Maybe it's the best. You know, if you
could somehow index that group of
people, you'd have like fantastic
performance right now. what is it like
what what is what are the parallels that
make that true?
>> So I mean one one is the competitive
nature that we just talked about. The
other is just like the problem solving,
right? So I think one thing that I
believe very strongly is that um one of
the best things you can do when you're
building a company or anything is just
like have pretty good introspection on
where your strengths are. And at least
for the for this sort of group it's it's
more around the problem solving side.
Just like really figuring out, you know,
and and the problem could be very vague,
right? The problem could be like how do
I build a successful company and you
kind of break down the problem you can
like think really critically and just
first principles of a lot of these
markets and of course that's not the
only way to build a build a company like
other people I think some people just
have like very good intuition especially
on these like PLG type like things in
general I think just the problem solving
capability like you know what what these
contests really teach you is like you're
just solving problems right and those
problems of course are not like real
problems in real life but the sort of
thinking is the
Does it feel uh more emotional now
company building than it did in the
contests?
>> I'm a bit older now, so it's not really
that emotional. I started a company
before this that was uh I would say way
tougher than the current one. I think
just like mentally makes you feel a lot
more calm and honestly like appreciative
of when things are going well. And
timing matters a lot, right? I graduated
a year early to try to start it and I
would say we had a very fortunate
outcome but the the whole journey was
like very bumpy like
>> what was it what did it do?
>> Uh so the company was called Loki. We
basically built um sort of high
performance video capture software for
video games. So when people are playing
games you can you know really easily
capture video clips and edit them and
share them and um and the whole goal of
the product is just like you just get as
many users as possible. We exited at
like a very fortunate time. was 2021 but
like throughout the journey like we were
at the beginning didn't really know what
we were building and then just like
trying a bunch of things and you're like
new grad you don't really have good
intuition on like what idea is good or
not so you just like work really hard
for you know 3 months and so then then
you realize that what you're building
basically had just like it was just
obviously had no market and uh so that's
tough uh and then about a year and a
half in I had uh two of my good friends
from school my were my co-founders they
both got burnt out and then decided to
leave so it was just me after that and
just like trying to figure out what to
do. I think that that's way tougher than
anything we're doing right now because
it's like a it's like a
the way you put it like an emotional
thing. It's you don't really know if
there's any future or not. Uh there's a
lot of pressure because you don't want
like the first thing you work on to be
like you know a failure essentially. Um
so I think that was much tougher from
like a psych psychological point of
view. Nowadays I think it's tough just
just like a sheer amount of stuff to do.
We're not getting much sleep. But again,
like in the grand scheme of things, you
got to be really grateful for to be even
even be in this position, to have enough
work to do, to have enough interesting
um problems, to have a team that you're
really excited to work with every day.
>> How much do you think you're sleeping?
>> Uh I mean, it really varies. Like this
week in New York, it's probably like
four to five hours a day. And it's not
good because like I'm not someone whose
brain functions that well on less than
eight hours, but it's been
>> Yeah. So if you think about the
difference between the first and the
second company, like obviously now you
have a company that's working extremely
well. It's growing really, really fast.
What What did you do at the beginning of
Decagon that was informed by your prior
experience to make this one go better?
>> I think this is broadly true of starting
companies. I think the first stage is
like by far the hardest cuz you you're
kind of just like finding direction,
right? And finding direction is very
difficult because like by definition
it's not something where you can just
like
you have like a goal and you're just
like grinding towards it and you can get
there. I mean your goal could be yeah
finding a direction but it's it's more
exploratory. I think what we actually
have are quite good at now and and
Ashman my co-founder who's who's amazing
he also has a similar background he
started a company before that got
acquired when you start a company the
first time you often share the same
experiences which is like finding a
direction is very difficult so I think
this time we were a lot more thoughtful
about it and again it goes back to what
your strengths are. I think we view our
strengths as like, hey, we're very good
at problem solving. We're very just like
rational about things. We're just good
at like execution. And so if that's the
case, then I think we just try to
systematize the ideation process. And it
just comes down to okay, you need to
whatever you work on, it has to be
something that like people will really
invest in. And how do you tell if that's
the case? you can just like go really
deep asking them. And I think people are
usually a little bit like almost
embarrassed or not comfortable going
super deep in these questions. But when
you talk to potential customers, they
actually don't mind answering questions
such as like okay if we built this for
you like exactly how much would you pay
for it? Like would your boss need to
approve it or your boss's boss who needs
to approve it? Um how how would the
entire organization think about ROI?
like how would how would you present ROI
to leadership to you know you know
protect yourselves and also like make
you look good and I think if you really
go deep there it's almost like you're
basically asking like classic like sales
qualification questions but in founder
form and if because you're a founder
it's like it just feels a lot less
salesy for you to go deeper and that
process is what gives you a lot more
signal. So when we first started we, you
know, fortunately were able to get in
front of a lot of large companies,
mostly digital native ones and we just
asked these questions and we kept
digging in and uh we had a bunch of
different ideas, right? At the time
we're not tied to any idea and it's just
kind of open exploration. We were
looking at things ranging from like data
analysis to like security to, you know,
pre-sales to, you know, ops stuff. And
that process was was very helpful
because it just shows you that there's a
lot more signal to gain than just like
you know talking to customers which is
the just the general advice or building
something that customers want building
something that people want like yes that
is true but it's very hard to just like
>> know what they're like they they'll tell
you what they want but it turns out that
that's like
>> so what was this what was the literal
process? So you would go would you go to
a single person and ask them about
multiple of your ideas at once or would
you target it more like one idea to one
person? You have to target it based on
what that person owns. But if that
person is very senior, you can ask him
about multiple.
>> Yeah.
>> So if you talk to like a COO, for
example, you can talk about a bunch of
different use cases and that gives you
some signal, too. And then if you're
talking to more of like a a VP of a
certain area, you're probably focusing
on one use case.
>> So So maybe go uh in detail through one
of these conversations so that others
maybe could benefit from what you've
learned. So what what is the order like
what is the order of the questions? Like
how would you structure those
conversations to get the most
information possible? We get into the
call and you start by kind of just doing
very high level discovery like hey what
what are the sorts of projects that are
ongoing right now? How do you spend your
time? What is kind of like stressful for
you right now? Etc. like that. And then
then you can kind of get a sense for the
the types of use cases. And then very
quickly you can just like form
hypothesis like literally on the fly of
like okay what would a product be that
makes sense here? And so then you're
kind of explaining like okay yeah so you
know what if something like an AI agent
could do XYZ like would that be helpful?
And most likely they will say yes cuz I
think there's there's this thing that
happens where if if someone's on a call
with you, they almost feel like they owe
you like something good that you can
take away.
>> So they're like, "Oh yeah, yeah, that'd
be great." Now you've kind of solidified
at least the potential product ideas,
right? And they might adjust it a little
bit. They'll be like, "Yeah, no,
actually no, like it should it should
work like this, right?" And and so on. I
remember we talked to a lot of ops
leaders like um you know Matt McInness
from uh Ripling is like a great friend
of of Decagon and he was kind of telling
us about all the different things that
happen on his team because there's like
so many and similar with other ops
leaders we talked to and it was kind of
a range of companies as well um people
like Aura Ring and and so on and you get
down to it and you're like okay great
now we have these use cases how much
would you pay for it and that kind of
forces them to think because most people
are not thinking about that as they're
talking about ideas. There's like, "Oh,
yeah, this would be cool." So, as soon
as you force them to think about how
much you'd pay for something, it it kind
of is a forcing function for finding
some order of magnitude, some level of
scale. And so then they're like, "Okay,
well, yeah, you know, we have five
people doing this full-time. If the AI
agent could do this, well, maybe we'd be
able to, you know, get rid of one of
them, assign one another one, and then,
you know, as a result, I'd pay you like,
you know, 20k a year or something like
that." Um, and and then in your head
you're like, "Okay, cool. So now at
least you have a general order of
magnitude." 20K of course isn't amazing.
But if it's like, you know, I could
quickly turn out a ton of these. Like
maybe that's that's interesting. Uh, but
most of the time that's not the case cuz
it's like there's not that many good
ideas out there honestly. And so most of
the time at the end of this exercise
you're like, "Okay, great. Glad glad I
didn't pursue this further, you know,
because
>> like that would have been a waste of
time." And at the end it's like people
are paying you like a $100 subscription
per month and it's like a big company,
you know. So you just do this exercise
and the nice thing about this exercise
as well is that it puts the customer in
the same frame of mind as you and so
then they can tell you other things. So
like one essentially what happened with
our company is like we were talking
about all these use cases and they were
like okay great yeah if you did this you
know we have five people over here but
by the way we have a 500 person support
organization and there's a lot of
opportunity there and we'd be like okay
great tell us more right and then you
kind of dig into it as a founder you
kind of have to build your own
conviction and kind of do this process
yourself because at the time essentially
what everyone told us including like you
know very smart older founders that we
knew and so on was that uh yeah this
this use case is like super obvious.
There's probably just going to be
incumbents that just tacking on to the
product and um there's because it's so
obvious like there's probably a reason
why like nothing's no one's super big
right now or there's going to be someone
that's ahead, right? Like they don't
like no one really knows. It's just like
and even for me right now when like
other founders talk to me about other
spaces it's like yeah like I have my own
opinions but like I don't really know
the details of the space and the only
way you can really know is by talking to
customers and getting that signal.
And yeah I think in hindsight it turns
out that in any sort of wave at any time
there's I would say like a very small
number of like good ideas and your job
is to ideally find one of those in at
the right time. And so, yeah, by the
definition, it's going to be like pretty
non-obvious and pretty difficult. And
so, if you can do this process, well,
it'll give you the most signal.
>> Do you remember the highest number
anyone said for how much they'd be
willing to pay for something in one of
these ideation sessions?
>> Yeah. So, at the time, it was probably
on the order of like low to mid six
figures. as you neared the end of that
process and settled on what Decagon
does, which maybe probably is the right
time to ask you to describe in detail
what it is. What was like the final
closing like um convict where did the
conviction come from? Like, oh, this is
clearly the thing after this discovery
process.
>> It was clearly the thing because if you
just kind of tallied up even just the
thing the the amounts that people said
and added them together per idea, this
was probably like an order of magnitude
more than anything else. And uh yeah, so
very specifically what Dekon does, it's
um it's AI customer service agent. So
that's the simplest way to think about
it. And you're building a conversational
AI that can just you know be almost like
a a front end for a brand. Anytime
someone wants to talk to the brand or
anytime the brand wants to talk to them,
you can kind of initiate these
conversations. And of course longterm
this is like not specific to customer
service. But um I think again going back
to this exercise, I customer service is
where we felt like the most urgent need.
And and in hindsight, I can dissect like
why that why we think that is, but um
that that's basically what we felt. And
what gave us conviction is that hey, we
had all these folks that were lined up
that were they were like very willing to
invest, you know, six figures uh in a
random two person team that they didn't
even know that well because it was
actually like a very top of- mind
initiative for them. And everything
else, it was just like a struggle to,
you know, it's like how much you pay for
that? I don't know. like this is like
really exciting but you know our budgets
are tight right now and also like it'd
be hard to measure you know how how well
this is doing and and so on. So yeah
that that gave us enough conviction and
then you just kind of take a step by
step from there.
>> Say more about this the comment you made
about in hindsight it's clear why you
know this was the key problem. The
customer service has a bunch of nice
properties that
I think are very hard to reason through
ahead of time, which is why I think I
feel so strongly about this process of
discovery and like just really staying
customer centric. One of the properties
is that the ROI is really easy to
justify internally. You have these
numbers already tracked, right? It's
like, hey, we have so much conversation
volume
right now. you know, we have a simple
chatbot or a simple IVR phone tree.
It's, you know, kind of resolving, so to
speak, like 15 to 20% of that. If you're
able to take that to 50, 60, 70, 80,
like that's huge ROI. And it's very easy
to quantify that. It's like, okay, well,
I'm going to take the total cost. I'm
going to chop off like, you know, 60% of
it, and that's that's what I'm saving,
right? Uh, the other property, which I
think is a little underrated, is that
it's very easy to go live. And I think a
lot of genai use cases are struggling
with that right now, especially at the
enterprise level because there's risk
involved, right? Like people don't want
to feel like
like something could go wrong for them
when they release your product and like
you know their leadership is going to
get mad at them. It's like you know why
why' you do this? So that is a big deal
with geni. I think that is one of the
reasons why there's kind of it's been
kind of difficult for a lot of use cases
to really take off because at the end of
the day there is always going to be risk
because the models are non-deterministic
and so you can always something could
always happen but the nice thing with
customer service is that you have a
escalation path just naturally built
into the way the product works. the
agent's having the conversation. If for
for any reason it needs to exit, it'll
just escalate to a human and that
infrastructure is already set up, right?
You already have your call center, you
already have your telephone stack or
whatever. So, you just connect connect
to it. I think that property alone just
makes things way easier because these
big enterprises that we work with,
they're like, "Okay, great. Like, we
test it internally." Uh, and then to go
live, we're just going to choose this
one surface area and release it to 5% of
the user base. And even for that 5%, if
anything goes wrong, it just escalates.
And so that gives people enough comfort
to go for it. And those two things I
think are one of the big reasons why
it's probably the use case with the most
traction at the enterprise. And coding
is another one. Coding is a little bit
different. It's a lot more bottoms up.
>> Can you compare it to coding? Like it
seems like these are the two areas where
it's blindingly obvious that it's useful
to customers and you can build great
businesses around it because just basic
looking at the revenue curves. Yeah.
Yours, Sierra's obviously like cursor,
cognition, etc.
>> Compare and contrast coding and customer
service. Yeah, they're very different.
And
maybe one framework to think about this
is that at the end of the day, what AI
agents are there for is to yeah,
essentially replace human labor
>> and that's why it's exciting. That's why
everyone's, you know, so focused on it.
So, one one thing you can do then is
like you can just map out the spectrum
of like how much that human labor
currently costs. So, with customer
service, it's generally outsourced
already. It's um especially for the tier
one, tier two type inquiries that AI is
now handling, it's generally not folks
that um are super highly paid and then
on the other end it's engineers which
are the most highly paid people
>> and so I actually think like maybe one
thing the one way to think about it is
that like AI use case will start eating
the spectrum for both ends and the
reason why is that uh because engineers
are the highest paid like they have the
sophistication to like really leverage
it well and like it just AI just gives
them so much leverage.
And I mean there's other factors as
well. Like it just happens that coding
is like tokenizable and like it's really
like the models are really good at it.
Um so that's one way to think about it.
And so I I don't know any company that's
like hey I would like to just let go of
a bunch of my engineers because now I
have coding agents. It's just like
there's infinite engineering work to do.
So you're just augmenting them. On the
other end uh it is more of like like the
replacement sense. And so you have a
large BO and you know that's costing you
a ton of money and it's also like a
really high operational thing to
maintain because you have to hire people
all the time. There's a ton of churn you
need to train them you need to QA them
uh you need to make sure that you know
nothing goes wrong. So AI is really
valuable there as well because you're
able to like because the the work is you
know um easier for the AI to do it can
you know fully replace you know I think
it's a little bit overblown of like oh
AI is replacing jobs and so on. I think
most of even the BPOS we talked to uh
they're not really that concerned
because what typically happens anyways
is that there's already very high
turnover in these BPOS because like
people are just hopping around doing all
sort of different things and so what
most enterprises will do is like it's
not like hey I'm going to massively it's
like you just like kind of just
naturally let it decrease and then they
just go on to do sort of the next level
of task that the AI can't do yet right
and so maybe that's like data labeling
or something so that that's generally
what we're seeing from from the BPOS's
Yeah. Anyways, I think the spectrum is
like pretty real and so then the
question is like what is the next thing
that happens?
>> So it's a really interesting conclusion
which is try to augment the very highest
talent or replace you know the most
replaceable end of the spectrum. That's
like a really interesting conclusion. Um
I want to talk about how kind of what
you've begun to learn about how to do
that second thing well. Um, so if others
out there wanted to start a company or
invest in a company that was doing sort
of that end of the spectrum eating its
way in as you described, what have you
learned are the key things to like the
setup process with a given company to
increase the likelihood that you can
replace a lot of the, you know, the
lowhanging fruit for types of customer
service calls or types of what used to
be human to human interaction and can
now be handled by AI on one end of the
spectrum. I would say the the biggest
learning we had is that um oftentimes a
long pole in the tent and again if by
definition if you can solve this well it
just makes things go a lot easier is
sort of aligning on what does good look
like. You would think that in our space
it's pretty easy because it's like okay
maybe you just have a bunch of questions
and answers and that's what good looks
like. But unfortunately it's a lot more
nuanced than that like you know what
good looks like could be in the tone of
in in the sense of like tone and brand
guidelines or um how conversational you
are and even for the actual answers like
we work with a lot of enterprises where
obviously their scope is broad and so
one of the things you need to set up
beforehand is you know what what this
could look like. So like we have in our
product essentially like a testing or
simulation suite of like hey we're going
to build out 10,000 tests and each one
is going to be constantly running like
you know five times and then you can get
a sense of how how well things are
performing and that's actually pretty
difficult and I I do think that is
broadly true for anyone that's trying to
build in this style of company. If
you're going to be replacing human labor
you need to you know know what good
human labor is. What we found is like
okay well can someone just tell us like
what are all the what are the answers to
all these questions and most people
don't actually know like no one in their
head is like because these are large
complex organizations right no one is
like the person where like hey I know
how to answer all these questions and so
you have to design a process where it's
it's very easy to extract these answers
from all the people that do know so
maybe it's all the you know CX leaders
or and people lead different areas of
the product and so you have to get them
all together and get them to align on
like okay here here's what the eval is
essentially And if you can do that well,
then it makes everything a lot easier
because now you're just building,
building, building. You have this like
quantifiable score that's like, hey,
here's how well how well the AI is
performing. And then once you're done
building and the score is high, then you
can go live.
>> Is the right way to think about this
that you just created like a captive
reinforcement learning process within an
organization. Is that like the
simplified version?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's a interesting
way to think about it. Um, and it
doesn't have to be reinforcement
learning in the sense in the pure sense
of training a model. It's like
>> it can just be reinforcement learning
and you know making the agent improve
and that could be you know compiling
more evals that could be compiling uh
just like more guard rails guidelines
around what it can and can't do. How
fast does the spread happen? If I'm a
customer and I've got the 500 person,
you know, customer service call center
or whatever and there I'm actually
curious. I don't know what the volumes
are like how much call volume or or
interaction volume a center like that
handles for a given company, but if I
give you 5% of my workload and I'm
satisfied with AI's performance, like it
performs well and there's not lots of
problems, how fast are people willing to
go from five to 10 to 15 to 20%.
>> Uh, very fast. Yeah, I would say even
for the large enterprises like within
weeks
>> because the the only the everyone wants
to just go live to everything, right?
But the the reason why you stage it out
is so you can make sure nothing's going
wrong and you can tell if something's
going wrong like almost immediately
because you have these metrics, right?
So if even within a week uh you have so
yeah a 500 person org I would probably
estimate like mid to high six figures of
conversations a year um you know maybe
slightly higher and what you're doing
there is like you're you're kind of um
making sure that you things are going
well. So, you know, within a week you
can see like, okay, what is the
resolution rate? Is that what we expect?
Okay, great. Uh, what is the customer
satisfaction? People have those scores
as well. And and then they'll probably
have some sort of accuracy metric based
on like human review. If those all check
out, there's really no reason why you
shouldn't roll it out. And again, the
business case is so obvious there,
right? It's like, hey, we're both
generating a ton of operational
efficiency and our customers are
happier. So, yeah, let's just send it
out to everything.
>> What goes most wrong? like when when
something bad happens and I'm sure this
is happening less and less as the
product's gotten better, but even in the
early days like what sort of thing would
go wrong in one of the you know customer
to AI interactions?
>> Yeah. So it's it ranges all sorts of
different things and it's kind of funny
when I mean sometimes it's uh obviously
like you we both sides like us and the
customer we take everything very
seriously but there's just a lot of
things you wouldn't expect right in the
early days we have this uh we have a
customer that is essentially like a
large ticketing platform someone came in
they couldn't find their ticket the AI
looked into their account it's like hey
uh there's no tickets here and then they
were just like okay well what I'm going
to do is I'm going to show up to the
event and I'm going to find eight
homeless people from the city and bring
them with me. It was just and the agent
was like, "Oh my god, that's so awesome
that you're thinking about doing
something nice for the community." And
uh it's just like things like that where
it's like, "Okay, I would not expect
that to happen." So those are just like
tuning you have to do over time.
>> Yeah.
>> And generally it's in the in the spirit
of that where you're kind of you're
trying to find the right level of guard
rail and flexibility, right? I think
that's the name of the game with our
space at least and that's sort of the
way we've designed our product and and
why probably the number one reason we've
been successful so far is that what
Genai really unlocks is just this like
super flexible super personalized and
like one way you can think about it is
like in the old days to map out a
conversation you just build like
gigantic tree right of decisions and
that's very hard because no one likes
that experience and like you you ask
something that's not quite one of the
branches and it just forces you down
that branch and there's no way to go
back. And what a LM does is kind of it
abstracts a lot of that tree into the
the neurons of a of a language model.
And so that's really powerful. U so you
you kind of on one end of the spectrum,
you're just looking for uh you know
flexibility and rig just like power and
just like being able to sound really
humanlike. But with the enterprise,
there are a lot of things we don't
necessarily want that as much and you
want just like full like rigor, right?
If it's a regul regulated use case like
you cannot afford for it to ever deviate
and so you want like these three steps
always have to be followed in this order
and you can't go to step three until you
know something has happened already and
uh so you need to design a system that
can be anywhere along that spectrum and
you know back to your question of like
what could go wrong well yeah the the
worst thing that to happen would be it
just says something that's not supposed
to say and so you need to design an AI
that's really robust to that and you can
choose like okay for this use case we
really need it to be over here that's a
lot more robust
But for other use cases where if you're
just asking basic questions on their
account, we we don't want it to be like
that. We want it to be super free form
and that's how we get the customer
satisfaction up.
>> I think most people are still focused on
things that could go wrong because it's
non-deterministic. What about the total
other end of the spectrum? Like what
have been the things that have gone way
more right than you expected? Like where
have the where has the the potential of
agents like outperformed your
expectation in terms of what they can
handle or what they can do? Yeah, it's
it's really just um elevating the
experience, right? So one one sort of
metric which is usually a secondary
metric that folks kind of think about
later but is is quite important to us is
just how often do people come in and
just say like agent agent agent like get
me to representative like I want to talk
to you and uh I've done that you
probably have as well where you're just
like calling into some sort of customer
service and you're just like pressing
zero the whole time and that's because
people are used to bad experiences so
they've already lost the trust of these
systems and I think What surprised us
was that if you just make it really
clear off the bat that this is a
different experience, uh people are
willing to give it a chance and then the
outcomes are just way different, right?
So we have um one of our customers uh
yeah or a ring like the wearable ring.
Um we did a case study with them where
um before having any sort of ji system
like one in three customer that came in
would just not bother saying anything
and just keep jamming agent until they
got to one. Uh now it's one in 20. It's
because you we just like spent a lot of
time making the beginning of the process
just feel very different and uh folks
are willing to give it a chance and so I
think that's that's been exciting.
>> Where do you think that can go? like how
how good can the experience get in ways
that it's not yet that good with
subsequent evolution of your product but
also of the underlying capabilities of
the model. The biggest frontier right
now is voice voice models and so I know
there's a lot of interesting startups as
well working on voice. It's exciting
because it's still I would say
definitely not solved. there's a lot to
be done there and the the bar is very
high, right? So, if you just think about
like how humans communicate, right? For
literally the entirety of humanity,
right? Like I don't know 150,000 years
or something, the UI for every human is
language and it's just like spoken
language. So, you like you listen, you
speak, and that's how our brains have
evolved. That's like the most natural
way for us to communicate. only in the
last what like 60 years of that entire
time did we have keyboards and like
phones and you're kind of just
communicating through typing and so I I
would say fundamentally and any sort of
agent that communicates with humans like
voice has to be a critical factor
because that's just how we communicate
because our brains are so sort of I
don't know evolved for this it's very
easy to tell when something feels not
quite right and so the bar is is very
high that sort of uncanny valley is is
quite large and um that's why there's a
lot of effort going into making the
voice experiences good. Um, even you
know chatbt I would say chatbt voice for
example or the sesame or like these
voicetooice models they're starting to
feel very impressive but if you talk to
it long enough you can actually it's
like you can definitely tell it's not a
human.
So there's there's that element of it
but then you know for enterprise use
cases like us like there's still a ton
of hurdles to cross because those models
even though they're good the
hallucination rate is really high. So
you can't really use them necessarily as
is in in kind of the current systems.
And so a lot of people what they do now
is they you know go from voice into text
and then back to voice and then you can
run a lot more checks there to make sure
that things are um things are accurate.
A lot of cool ideas there to explore on
how do you make it both humanlike but
accurate and how do you tie everything
together. So that's that's where most of
the work is going to these days. At the
risk of getting too technical, why is
voice to voice interesting and worth
pursuing versus just always going back
to text and being able to manage it that
way?
>> Yeah. So, the fundamental difference is
if you're just going to text, then no
matter what, the final audio is just a
narration of the text. Um, the voice to
voice is is powerful because it it takes
into the entire entire audio of what you
said. So, it knows, you know, your
cadence and, you know, how maybe how
upset you are and just like the tone and
everything.
Uh the latency is a lot less as well
because you get to you're going straight
from from again voice to voice and
latency matters so much when we're
talking right like when we're talking
right now our brains are constantly
going like okay when's he done talking
when should I start talking if someone
interrupts someone else it's like in a
polite way is is just people adjust very
naturally that is the biggest proponent
of voice to voice and ultimately the
prevailing view is that for whatever the
final experience is if you really want
to make it indistinguishable from a
human you have to do voice to voice um
or you have to at least take into
account the voice. The issue with voice
to voice though is that also
fundamentally because voice is has a lot
more dimensions to it like the the
amount of tokens you generate like per
sentence is just a lot higher than when
you generate text and the more tokens
you have the higher like the easier it
is for something to go wrong and so the
hallucination rate has so far just been
a lot higher.
>> How much higher? Like give us a sense of
how far we are from these being really
good.
I think probably like 8x higher or
something like that.
>> Wow.
>> So it is quite a bit higher. Yeah. I
mean of course you you want to kind of
leverage that technology. So now now
maybe there's creative ways to make a
hybrid of the two, right? Maybe you can
have a text model generate the content
but you take into account the audio from
before as well and like you know that
makes something uh something very
realistic. But at the same time latency
is still the hard problem because at the
enterprise what what's happening is you
are doing a lot before you can start
responding right you have to figure out
like what are they asking about like
which what materials do I need to
collect do I need to hit any APIs and
get that data back and so you have to do
it in a way that feels very natural and
you know sometimes if you think about
how human does it you might have to say
something like you know give me a sec to
look that up because you know it
actually genuinely takes like 10 seconds
for the API to come back. Um so these
are all kind of interesting problems to
think through.
>> So give us a sense today in a in a given
you know if you add up all the
interactions um some some idea of how
long they are what type they are voice
versus text versus some other modality
like what what is just the entire corpus
of interactions between a decagon agent
and a customer look like today?
>> Pretty balanced at this point between
chat and voice. We there's on a raw
customer basis there's more people in
chat at least for us. Uh but the if you
just think about the large enterprises
like the Fortune 100,
they just been around for so long and
everyone's just calls them. So voice is
just like disproportionately higher
there. Like a lot of them are 90 95%
voice and you know 5% chat. In terms of
the types of conversations,
it's generally ones that are fairly
um you start with the sort of easier
ones of course. And so these are things
where you can just they're kind of
question answer based, right? So that's
the tier one is like hey you just you
can answer their question based on what
you statically know. So that could be,
you know, I have questions about how
your loyalty system works or I have
questions about, you know, if I do um
like if I bought something like would I
still be able to refund it? Like things
like that. Then the next level is is
still question answer based, but you're
leveraging a lot of real-time data. So
that could be, you know, I got, you
know, 2x points on this transaction, but
I should have gotten five. Like why is
that? And then it would actually go and
look into your account and reason
through things like, okay, I see the
council said this type. let me go find
all the documentation on this type and
like okay actually it's because you
booked through a travel agency if you
have booked directly with the airline
you would have gotten 5x but you know
this thing doesn't apply to a travel
agency or whatever right uh and then the
sort of third tier is you're actually
taking action so um you know I lost my
credit card I need a new one and it's
actually walking through a pretty large
flow and that's where AI agents have
been really excellent because you you
you actually wouldn't expect it to be
able to do that and so it's able to go
in it can be a pretty complicated system
where it's like, okay, well, first I
need to figure out what your address is
and confirm if the address is correct,
and then I need to look and see, hey, do
you want me to lock the old card? Like,
okay, great. I I'll do that. Um, might I
need to check for fraud to make sure
this person is not just constantly
asking for new cards? And it's just like
all these things stitched together.
That's really what makes it agentic. And
that's why there's been such a step
function improvement with Loom. In the
spirit of that question of like what
could go right, what could go right for
the company based on the data they're
gathering from these interactions that
they probably have been doing nothing
with historically like what new things
can they do for their customer because
of on a onetoone basis like they're just
learning more about a person and on an
aggregate basis they like understand the
behavior patterns of their customer base
or something.
>> Oh yeah, that is a huge topic. I think
that's a huge part of our product. Like
we we have a viewpoint that this data of
course is super valuable because it's
literally what your customers are saying
but it's very underutilized because
historically there's it's a very
unstructured data. So what people
typically would do is like okay well
every month we have a million
conversations. We'll have a full-time
team of you know 20 people and they're
just like sampling these conversations
and trying to like check on a rubric and
try to compile topics and things like
that right and that will only get you so
far. But now what you can do is you can
literally have a language model that
reads every conversation and extracts
whatever info you you want from it. And
so that allows you to do things like
okay well over time there are these
topics that people probably didn't even
know about because these organizations
are big right so the people in
leadership positions they can only have
such granular insight into what's
happening but it'll just flag like hey
there's this 2% of conversations where
things are not really going that well
and it's because we don't have context
on this topic and so let's flag that.
Let's draft a suggestion for what could
go better here based on what the how the
human agents are handling or based on
you know the other procedures that we
have and here's a suggestion for how you
we should adjust the agent that allows
the agent to improve automatically over
time and that's really critical. So when
you think about like moes in the agentic
world, a lot of it is around well if
you've kind of been working with a a
client for a year, has your agent just
continuously gotten better by learning
from the data and and that's is like
that's a different concept than just
like training on the data, but has it
continuously gotten better to the point
where it's just very difficult for
another agent to come in and perform at
the same level? M there's this there's
this funny situation today where I think
especially CEOs really want AI in their
businesses. They want it now, but they
don't know what they want. Like they
they they don't have a good framework
for thinking about okay, I understand my
business. I don't know where I don't
know where to go. Like I it seems like I
would be missing a major boat if I don't
deploy this in my business, but I don't
have I don't know what to do. Like I
don't know I don't know where to go
first. I don't know who to call. Do you
have you developed any framework for
those company leaders that like
desperately want to use this technology
in their business but they simply don't
know of of course apart from automating
you know customer service or something
not like I don't mean specific use cases
I mean like a framework for thinking
about what kinds of problems might be
addressable by agents or by LLMs
>> I mean one framework is similar to the
sort of framework we've talked about
before of two two ends of the spectrum
and I would say most leaders we talk to
are focused on the more bottoms up uh
end of the spectrum which is like where
are the areas that we should just not
have humans doing because it's so
mundane and repeatable and there's tons
of cost efficiencies there so I would
say that's where folks are typically
thinking of so when we talk to leaders I
think there's a couple observations
one
pretty much all AI initiatives are very
top down at this point because it is
such a board level mandate so the
seauite's very very invested in like
okay where do we deploy AI that almost
means that if you want to get thing
going at a larger organization, you have
to have buyin from the top level because
it's gonna get up get up there anyways
and they have to make the decision at
the end of the day. So that's one. Two,
the way they think about like the use
cases to your point is uh back to ROI,
right? It's like where can we either
save a bunch of money or make a lot of
new revenue. And if you cannot like in
basically half a sentence explain that,
then it's like it's just not going to
work right now because they're they are
under a lot of pressure, right? they
needed to show like quick quick wins and
if this is not going to be a quick win
and they can point to like I saved $10
million then it's not going to be
something that's prioritized.
>> Do you think coding answers that well?
Like do you think the ROI is clear in
coding?
>> Yeah, it is. Um and I know the coding
agents quite well and the way they do it
generally is
uh one it's very easy to test. So it's
like let's just deploy out to the uh
engineers and then you just kind of like
do a poll on the engineers of like hey
how much more productive do you think
you are? And engineers are often the
most valuable resource in these
organizations. And so they're like those
answers are treated very uh with with
high I guess like importance.
>> Yeah.
>> And uh yeah engineer tells you that
you're they're like 50 50% more
productive. It's like okay great. You
know
>> are you confident that that's true that
that they can self-report and be
accurate? there was that uh meter study
or whatever that came out that actually
like I I don't know if the stud is good
or not but that actually productivity
was like down or or flat or something
like this. So like the as like the
reported the the self-reported
productivity was at odds with like
actual measured productivity or
something like this.
>> Oh yeah. I mean I I actually don't have
opinion. I don't know nearly enough
about that. But I'm just saying that
doesn't doesn't really matter, right?
Like if people if their entire
engineering team is like hey we love
this this is making us 50% more
productive. It's like building your
thing.
>> Exactly. And then you think about from
the like the CEO and they're like
reporting this to the board or
something. It's like hey like my entire
engineering or said that they're 50x 50%
more productive. This is like a worthy
investment because these people are all
paid this much and like now we can
accelerate the product. We can
accelerate everything. Do you think that
the future is that every when I talk
about brands and how they uh how a given
company might want its agent to feel and
sound that like an agent might be a way
to express brand culture, style, tone,
whatever? You want to talk about that?
But do you think the end state here is
that each company sort of has like a
almost like a named uh personified
representative that you just come to
expect to interact with and not it's not
just customer service issues, but it's
sales issues. you know, you ask it for
advice on what shoe to buy or whatever
it might be and that that's all
integrated or that that that you'll have
different agents for different parts of
the company. Like I guess what I'm
trying to ask is what the future of a
company's agent or agents looks like in
in the natural end state, you know, 5
years from now or something. Yeah, I
would say that in the natural end state
it is more unified for the exact reason
you listed which is people want a
unified brand out there and the brand's
very important to them and for some
businesses is more important than others
but eventually this is like this becomes
the front end for the business right and
so that means it's both how you gain new
customers but also how you support the
existing ones and make them get make
them retain more and so on it's almost
like you know in the limit right like if
you're working with a bank or airline or
telecom company or or whatever. The
agent could be the only thing that most
users interact with. They don't even
have to touch your mobile app. They
don't even have to, you know, go to on
your website ever. They just have this
agent where they're authenticated. It
knows everything about them. It has all
the context of your previous
conversations. It has memory and it can
just solve your issue. It can take
actions for you. You need to book a
flight. You need to upgrade a seat. You
have you have questions about this or
that. I think that's the exciting vision
that we're building towards. And in some
ways we often call this like a concierge
where it's like a it's just a digital
concierge that can do everything for
you. But I mean you also have to be
pragmatic on both sides like you have to
you know start with a clear use case.
But I think that is where folks are
building towards. And so in the near
term, I do think that different teams
because the reality is that at these
large companies, different teams have,
you know, different budgets and they
make different decisions and so they
might have different agents. But long
term, you either need to have a unified
system that ties them together, like a
unified framework, or they could just be
literally the same agent.
>> Is the right analogy here? Like a
company's website, like they'll think
about their agent, like they think about
their website, like a lot of work will
go into it. it'll look and feel a
certain way, like it'll be kind of a
unified interface with the world. Like,
is that a Yeah.
>> Is that a clean analogy?
>> I think that's a good good analogy. It's
it's just like a front end, right? It's
like a UI. Um, but instead of visual UI,
it's a conversational UI.
>> How do you feel brands pulling, you
know, personality requests in their
agent out of you? Like, do do they care
about what do they care about? Like, do
they want it to be nice? They want it to
be, you know, concise. Do they want it
to be funny? Do they like h how has that
dimension evolved since you started?
people already almost always already
have brand guidelines u because they
need to show brand guidelines to their
human agents right to train them and so
the nice part is that they already have
all this training process for the humans
and you should ideally be able to apply
it to the same in the same ways to the
AI and so they'll have like hey you need
to do this you need to always be
confident you know sometimes folks don't
want the agent to apologize sometimes
people really want to be apologetic so
it's just a bunch of different
preferences and that needs to be taught
to the AI in a in an efficient Okay. Um,
but yeah, that's also kind of a lower
throughput way of communicating. I mean,
the other way that you can show the
agent is just give it a lot of examples.
So, here's examples of what great look
like from our top agents and just learn
from that.
>> What is the very biggest like you're
almost afraid to admit it because it
feels so big version of what Decagon
could be.
>> Yeah. At the end of the day, what we are
building towards is kind of this concept
of um you know, it becomes like a a new
UI for the the product, right? Just
think about how much these large
companies invest in their mobile app or
their website. And this is just
literally how everyone communicates with
them. So, this could be a way where
eventually
the way any user interacts with any
brand is through an AI agent and for all
sorts of different use cases, right? And
it benefits the AI uh benefits our
customers for the AI to have all this
context because it can seamlessly flow
between things. It's like a lot of them
want to do sales type use cases you know
at the end of a support flow or vice
versa and um that's exciting.
>> What internal context or things do the
best customers have that make this
better? So you mentioned brand
guidelines like maybe there's a write up
on what the brand guidelines are or
whatever. what what are like the
internal assets that companies have or
don't have that if they have them it's
made the decagon experience like way way
better. I mean the number one thing is
just APIs for the AI to use, right? So
APIs to take action, APIs to look up
data, APIs to um you know reformat
things. That is often like hey if you
have those you already know that within
the first month it's already going to be
a great experience. If you don't yet
then you know we should try to build
towards that as soon as possible so that
the AI can actually achieve that
elevated experience. So that's that's
the main thing. Most people already have
documentation. It might not be up to
date but you know we can help with that.
Most people already have sort of like
SOPs, I guess. Um, and then we we are
able to use that and kind of generate
our format. We call them AOPs, agent
operating procedures. They're just SOPs,
but for AI and uh and then brand
guidelines, like I said, people usually
have those as well. So, you just ingest
them.
>> We were talking last time about, you
know, in any business, but certainly in
yours, the three key stakeholders being
uh your team, talent that you have to
recruit, and I want to talk about that
in detail. Um, capital, investors, and
customers. um maybe suppliers too is is
a a fourth category, but uh especially
interested in the first three. And last
time we were together, I asked you like,
you know, which one do you have trouble
with? And we laugh because you said,
well, definitely not investors. Um talk
a little bit about the demand from
investors to invest in companies like
yours and how that feels like. What are
they doing to try to give you more
money, get on the cap table? How
competitive does it feel? What does that
what does that feel like right now?
because it does seem like there's a
handful of companies like yours that are
in one of these white hot areas that
have key traction that have great teams
and basically every investor wants to be
involved in those companies. What what
does that felt like?
>> Yeah, it it definitely feels like
there's maybe a little bit too much
excitement right now in the on the AI
side. Uh it's just like it's it just
seems way too easy to raise money. um so
many companies out there
and I mean for us we've been very
fortunate right we don't take it for
granted I mean I think in my first
company we're also fortunate to it was
easy to raise but it was for different
reasons like 2021 nowadays it's just I
think there aren't that many AI
companies that have like real real
traction uh on the revenue side uh
especially in the enterprise and so I
think that's attractive to investors
because you know they want to deploy
their capital into AI and that's like
the biggest trend. So, I think we've
been uh we've had a great relationship
with all all our investors. I think we
just really selected for folks that we
get along with at a personal level and
we feel like will be very helpful for
our go to market normally. And uh yeah,
that that's kind of been an interesting
process. So, yeah, pretty much after
every single time we've raised a round,
we just like almost immediately gotten
preempted. And that alone can't be
right, you know? It's like if you're if
you're just thinking on first princip uh
first principles to make an investment
like the previous valuation should not
be like a super big factor in that. It
should be like how well is the business
doing? How how like what do I believe
the potential is? So it feels like
there's a little bit of mania but um
yeah we're definitely I would say more
indexed on the other two things like
talent and customers.
>> What's the craziest thing that an
investor has done to try to invest in
the business? The main thing that we do,
and I would actually encourage more
founders to do this, is that during the
stage where people want to invest, but
they haven't yet, uh, that's when
they're most willing to be helpful. And
so, it's actually like a great way for
you to use that to proxy how helpful
they'll be afterwards. Because if
they're not that helpful in that stage
where they really really want to invest,
they're willing to do anything, they're
for sure not going to be helpful
afterwards, right? they'll still be
friendly and like hopefully they'll not
be detrimental, but that's like your
opportunity to really test folks and see
like how helpful someone will be. And we
obviously know a lot of investors very
well and I think they like no one has
issue with that, you know, like they
know that they're going back to, you
know, competition. They're all they're
also in a competitive sport and they
know that they need to earn basically
the uh ability to invest in the best
companies and so I think their
perspective they're happy to work for
it. So if you just give them opportunity
to, they will. I'm going to ask about
this from both founder and investor
perspective. What advice would you give
investors during that window? Like when
there's a fundraising that's happening,
you know, there's sort of an open
process or a window or whatever. What
have you seen the best of them do well?
Not just in like I'm sure helping you.
Here's 10 customers you can talk to. I'm
sure that's great. Um, but also on the
underwriting side, like them making sure
they understand your business extremely
well in a short per usually what I'm
expecting is a short period of time.
What what have the very best done in
that window? So, number one, I think the
best investors um are they kind of like
get this dynamic, right? Like we we've
definitely talked to a lot of
high-profile investors where they're
just like not willing to help much until
they're invested. And it's like totally
they're right, right? It's like, hey, we
have a lot of our current investments.
We don't want to like use our social
capital or whatever to help with an like
a new investor or a new investment. But
I think from the founders's perspective,
like okay, if that's the case, then it's
hard to tell if you'll actually be
useful or not, right? It's like there's
not there's no difference between you
saying that and then someone who's like
who can't really help and just saying
that. So I think the the best ones just
are able to give a lot of signal to the
founder that like, hey, I'm really
willing to help. I have the ability to
help. And let's say it doesn't have to
be that long a period of time, like a
couple months before the round actually
happens, right? So that that's one
thing. I think the other thing is that
um I think if you just think about any
anyone you bring into the world, this
could be uh you know employees or
investors or advisers or anything. What
we really index a lot on is just
cognitive ability, just like raw
intellectual throughput.
And you can almost like feel that out in
an investor in the same way you would
feel it out in an employee just by, you
know, spending time with them and just
like actually seeing if they're thinking
about things from first first principles
of your um of your company. Like for
example, right, like a lot of AI
companies are growing much faster than
traditional SAS companies right now. And
so because that's the case, like a lot
of things are
different and you generally don't want
investors that are just like, hey, I've
seen this so many reps like you got to
do things like XYZ way. You want people
that are just intellectually curious and
will think about things along with you
and can help problem solve.
>> What about on just like the pure
underwriting side? So an investor comes
in, they're really smart, let's take
that for granted, and they just want to
understand your business, like the good,
the bad, the ugly as fast as possible.
What have you seen the best do in that
side of the investment process including
things like how fast they move or how
how deliberate they move or anything
like that?
>> The best ones I would say they I mean
one they get a very deep understanding
of of our customers. Um, and so it's
actually funny. Our customers have made
probably so much money on expert calls
because so many investors are hitting
them up and I think the best ones can
before they even talk to you, they've
probably already done like quite a bit
of research and have like a pretty full
view on your customers. Unfortunately, I
think what we've seen is that there is a
lot of noise there because like a lot of
people just lie on customer calls and uh
like we have people who had said that
they've used us and we like literally
never heard of them. But generally if
you do enough research and you're good
at it then you can kind of underwrite
the business that way because that gives
you the most signal. And the other one
is uh people that index on culture
because I think culture is quite
important and a lot of good investors
know how important that is and so if
they feel like you are becoming a a
place where good talent is congregating
then folks will index on that more.
>> Let's talk about that. Let's talk about
recruiting and culture. Uh starting with
culture how would you describe it? Uh we
talked about the you know the quote on
your wall as the first question. So
that's part of it of course like
extremely competitive, extreme extreme
bias to action, you know, get things
done. What what are the other key
components of your culture? Like when
you're sitting with a new recruit, what
do you tell them about what kind of
place it is?
>> There's definitely a level of intensity
that's important and you Yeah, you
definitely want to tell people that
upfront because you want them to self-
select into this culture. So everyone
that has joined Decagon, I would say
they want to work hard. They want to be
around other people that are really
smart and are like them. And uh they're
motivated by, you know, they view this
as kind of like, you know, maybe the
prime of their career where, hey, I'm
going to work hard, but we know that
because of that, I'm going to build sort
of lifelong relationships with like
other amazing people. I'm going to, you
know, have good financial outcomes. I'm
going to be able to leap frog steps in
my career because the growth is just
happening so quickly. So, it's it's kind
of you're you're attracting people like
that. Yeah. I I think that alone creates
like a pretty uh strong foundation for
the culture because you have people that
are are there to, you know, work. Uh we
have a lot of people that live like
right next to the office and part of
that is because like we've, you know,
just selected for people that like being
in the office with other people, right?
We're in the office a lot. Those are the
foundations. And then I think what you
have to be careful on top of that is
like okay well you still need the we
really want our office to be a place
where people enjoy coming to work every
day because because we spend a lot of
time in there. It's like you want people
to be um you know happy to to be there.
They feel like everyone there is
supporting them. Uh even between the
organizations you want people to feel
like they're pretty aligned and um you
know folks are kind of working towards
the same goal. And that's an ongoing
problem. Like I don't think like we've
solved the culture. Um, but it's it's
something we just put a lot of thought
into and we want to make sure that
people feel like they will be very
fulfilled by staying here for a long
time.
>> One of the most interesting subplots of
this entire business evolution and in
and around AI is talent wars. Um
obviously it's happening in the most
extreme cases at the model layer you
know meta between meta and anthropic and
open AI and there's you know great
riveting stories to hear about uh what
people the lengths people will go to to
secure a great and the amount they'll
pay to secure a great engineer or
someone really key to the business. Can
you give us your perspective on these
talent wars? Uh what it's like to be in
them? Um obviously I'm sure you are too
fighting for the best talent versus lots
of other great companies that are being
formed. Um yeah, tell tell us from the
inside what this what this environment
feels like.
>> Yeah, I mean it definitely feels like
talent is a big team effort. Like you
you for anyone you want to hire, you
need the whole team to swarm around them
for, you know, to win highly sought
after talent. Um and you have to go and
you know do do all the things right
there. There are some parallels to sales
of course like you you're trying to like
uh convince people that hey this is the
the place they want to be. Um, so that
involves, you know, oftentimes getting
to know their families, getting to know
their partners, uh, really figuring out
like what they want out of their own
careers and and making sure that you can
design a role for them that that is like
that. Unfortunately, in the application
layer, it is not as crazy as you know
the the metas and the open eyes uh, who
are just like there's only there's only
so many top level researchers. Um, and
we have we have some very strong
researchers on our team. Uh, it's a lot
more of like applied for us. It's the
it's the same thing that happens, right?
Like we're going after, you know, a lot
of people on our team from like Harvard
and MIT and Stanford. There's only so
many of these these folks that are in
the market any time who are like in SF
or going to the office and so it is a
competitive
place to be. Um, I think we're kind of
fortunate and now we our talent brand
has gotten a lot larger than when we
were first starting and so it definitely
has gotten easier to hire, but at the
same time our like the amount of people
we need to hire has also gone up and so
it's just constantly just like finding
ideas of how to get new people. I mean,
we just opened up our New York office as
you know and that's part of the reason
for that is that hey, there's another
talent pool over here. We should
leverage that. One of the questions that
I think so many people are interested in
for companies like yours is the use of
whatever core underlying LLM versus the
development of your own models on top of
uh or or replacing those underlying
LLMs. You are gathering all this
incredible data that's just yours. You
don't have to share with anybody else.
These models, you know, thrive on on
good underlying data. How do you think
about that that aspect of all of this
where you know five years from now it's
going to be either your own model or
your own model plus uh something else or
just your own data and context on top of
the best model. How do you think that
will evolve? Um I'm both curious about
this in terms of how it impacts the
product but also how it impacts your uh
your business mode your uh power in your
business where you rely or don't rely on
you know GPT whatever. When we first
started, this was like about two years
ago, people were still figuring out
applications, almost no one was doing
fine-tuning.
>> In fact, anyone that was doing
fine-tuning, there's a lot of like
writing at that time was like finetuning
quoteunquote doesn't work because it
doesn't really get get you that many
gains. And another big reason to not do
finetuning at that time is that the
models are changing so fast and like
your applic.
So like why invest a bunch of time into
fine tuning? It's not reversible. You're
going to have to throw it out next time
there's a there's a new model release. I
think now the open- source models for
example have gotten to the point where
um they're definitely not not smart
enough to do everything but there's a
lot of specific use cases where you just
don't need that much intelligence. Um
example would be like even the agent
let's say the first thing the agent does
is it just needs to think about like
okay based on what the user said and
everything before like what path do I go
down right or what data do I need you
can make that a fine tuned model that
model doesn't have to be good at like
math or coding or anything it's just
like you just need a smaller model
that's just fine-tuned on that and
nowadays we're seeing much more of that
because a lot of the applications have
gotten more mature so you know how your
agent is structured you know the places
where you need models to run and you can
take you know smaller fine-tuned models
and that improves the entire system both
in terms of performance but also latency
and so on. So I think over time there's
going to be more and more of that. Um I
do think there's always there's still
always going to be sort of like a huge
usage of open AI anthropics the world
because yeah if you just need
intelligence like you need the best
models. Um so I think there's going to
be a balance but at least in the short
term there's going to be more and more
of the the fine-tuning small models that
happen. What is your perception of the
very biggest companies like the entire
market has been focused on rightly so
the seven eight nine 10 biggest
technology companies which of them feel
uh most important to you and I don't
mean open eye and anthropic I mean like
you know Microsoft and Amazon and Apple
and these sorts of companies what is
your relation and thinking about them
today they've been the driver of you
know equity markets by a huge margin um
they're important companies how do you
relate to them
>> I work-wise you don't it's not super
relevant but of course we have our own
opinions I'm very bullish on Google
actually um
>> why
>> I just think that with AI use cases
having the having individual like
consumers is like so important because
that's where all the data comes from any
anyways and Google is like much stronger
there um I mean you could say that you
know meta Facebook also has that element
and so yeah maybe their new super
intelligence lab will will be able to to
make it work um But but something like
you know Anthropic for example where
they haven't done as much as well on the
consumer side you know compared to like
a chatbt I think longterm you do need
that consumer buy in because that's
where all the new data is going to come
from. So yeah Google and I mean Google
just has an amazing team and um they've
had a couple of like rocky starts but
you hopefully they'll make it work out.
Um I mean of course all the large uh
like all the mag seven basically are
obviously super strong. So we don't
really have strong views on on on them.
>> If I let you build a portfolio tomorrow
where you got five slots 20% each in in
five private companies you know building
in and around AI which five would you
what portfolio would you build?
>> Decagon excluded.
>> Yeah Deagon excluded. Um let's see I
just kind of gravitate towards where
most of the uh the talent is forming. I
mean, uh, I mentioned I'm close with,
uh, the cognition guys, so cognition
would be in there for sure. Cursor also,
uh, I'm actually kind of interested in
like where those might run into each
other in the future. For me, definitely
would want to take a bet on the sort of
hardware layer, even though it's like a
much higher variance. So, last time we
were talking about etched, like
companies like that. I think you
probably put one of those in there. Uh,
still on the earlier side, but yeah,
obviously very high potential. Yeah,
another friend of mine is is building a
company called Pika, like building video
models. Um, so I just think very highly
of of that team as well. So we probably
put them in there. Probably would want
some sort of bet on the just like
underlying model side even though I mean
all the large language models are are
out there but another friend of mine who
I think very highly of they're building
we're building models but not not like
the types of language models but still
foundation models for like you know
healthcare for example. So uh friend of
mine Josh is building Chai and they're
building a foundational model. So stuff
like that I think is quite interesting.
Um or even I would put uh you know
Locky's company physical like those I
think those are very exciting. It's just
>> I mean it obviously is early to see you
know how how those would turn out but if
I'm building a portfolio definitely want
one of those in there.
>> What what do you think are I'm I'm
interested in both sides of the
spectrum. uh the the people that aren't
in your position who are both technical
and commercially at the center of this
wave, what do they overestimate and
underestimate about the capabilities of
AI today? Where is it further along than
the world thinks? Where is it further
behind?
>> It's a little bit more behind in uh
being able to unlock a lot of the
enterprise use cases, I would say,
because of the non-determinism. So, you
there's like two things that need to
happen. One, you need to reframe the way
that people think about agents because
like there's the Whimo effect that often
happens where it'll be objectively just
way better than human drivers and human
drivers make a lot of mistakes, but
because we're investing in new
technology, the bar is a lot higher. So,
it has to be near perfect. So, there's
there's that dynamic that kind of needs
to adjust in some folks mind where
instead of evaluating AI in a way where
you're just trying to find mistakes,
you're evaluating holistically and
looking at the sort of success rate. And
then if you can kind of frame it that
way, well the success rate is going to
be way higher than humans because again
humans are not perfect, right? So I
think that needs to happen and I don't
think that's fully happened yet in the
enterprise. So that that trend needs to
happen. And then on the AI and on the
sort of use case side, yeah, I think the
models still need to get better in a lot
of areas, right? We were just talking
about voice to voice earlier.
Hallucinations are too high there. And
so as those models get better, um I
think more enterprise use cases will be
unlocked. But I do think the the general
public will just see a really cool demo
and be like okay oh wow like voice is
solved now and as a result like you know
enterprise should be adopting it left
and right and sees will see that too but
then when they actually get into it it's
just uh it's hard harder to go live
right so that that's I would say the
piece where it's
not quite you know fully there yet and
so it's a little bit slower than people
think on the flip side of that where
it's like a little hard it's like
underestimated is just things are
growing exponentially uh improving
moving exponentially and no one is good
at kind of conceptualizing what
exponential means in in things like this
and so that could be from like a perform
performance like cost perspective right
like right now I would argue that if
you're building an application your
margin shouldn't really matter that much
like people will often sort of critique
the coding agents like they're
hemorrhaging money yeah but you know the
again things are improving exponentially
and like the cost will go down
exponentially as well So
your margin doesn't really matter. Like
what really matters is you you need to
get market share and you need to kind of
get mind share of of users. So it's like
perfectly fine not to have good margins
right now. And it's just I think people
the model's just everything just
improves way faster than people think.
Um it's slightly different at the
enterprise. I mean the same principle
applies but you generally don't want to
be hemorrhaging cash with like an
enterprise um
sort of deal because
like those are just much longer term and
even though the cost will go down
they'll their their expectations might
also change and so on. So you generally
want to be fairly healthy there. Um but
that that I think that's what's
underestimated right now.
>> How do you know that cost will get way
lower? Like I'm I'm very curious about
this margin question because if you knew
for sure then the argument would be
actually you want to run super negative
gross margins like if you knew that it
was going to get you know 98% cheaper or
something like this on cost of goods to
serve coding agent or something like
that whatever I think the argument would
be get the install base just like have
the best product and get get the users
and and build the you know build the um
the affinity with the with that user
base and don't care at all. Um, but that
hinges a lot on the confidence that you
have that those co those costs will
fall. So, how do you know like how do
you think about that equation of like
win install base versus like demonstrate
good unit economics now?
>> Well, I just think it's quite unlikely
that the where we're currently at is
like the best that things will be,
right? Like there's just so much effort
getting uh put into it and like one of
the main metrics is efficiency. The
other piece is that even if things don't
get better, there's a lot of like uh
ways you can rearchitect your system so
that it is more costefficient. It's just
that it's not worth putting time into
that right now where you can put that
same amount of time into getting new
customers because you know that like
things will change in the future. So I
think that's just one thing where people
are like oh you know like it's kind of
like a a scheme where you know you take
VC dollars and then like the VC dollars
go to the chips and like you know these
companies are losing money. like if they
wanted to probably they could just like
spend a month or even less and just like
massively improve their margins, but no
one is it's just not not worth doing
that work right now cuz what you're
really optimizing for right now is just
quality and growth. So if you can do
that then the optimization can always
come later on.
>> How do you think about your margins?
Like just putting it on Decagon like do
you do you care at all? Do you set them?
Do you like what's what what's your
guardrails or parameters for what's
acceptable or what you're targeting?
>> The only thing that we have a principle
for is not to have negative margins.
>> Um, and in general, we have fairly
healthy margins because I mean one way
you can think about it is if you just
think about, you know, the supply chain
for any good, right? Like let's say
you're buying like a croissant at, you
know, the airport or something. Um, that
last step where you're actually solving
someone's problem, that's where you
generally can capture the most margin.
every step along the way like whoever's
enriching the flower or like you know
making the butter or whatever like
you're generally uh making like a margin
on top of the costs of whatever your
goods are and that's why it's nice to be
in the application layer is because
you're what you're building is actually
solving the business need and as a
result you can um you know capture more
of that because our customers the way
they're thinking about it is like great
we're investing in decagon we don't care
that much about what decagon's costs are
in fact we probably don't care about at
all what we care about is what is the
business ROI that we're getting, right?
It's like we're downsizing our
operations by this much. We're actually
generating more revenue now because the
AI agent can can engage people and keep
them retained.
So, that is where we probably see the
most um dynamic here. And I do think
this is generally not really a hot take
like um in the early days, oh, there's
like chach rappers and so on. And yeah,
a lot of rappers if it's too thin, it's
like not going to be valuable. But if
you have enough software built around
the the models, then that's where you
can actually almost capture the most
value. That's why I think the open AIs
of the world will continue to move
towards applications because it's quite
hard for them to make money long term on
like their API for example
>> because there's like such high
competition all the labs are building
and it's like it's very easy for people
to swap. It's not like a like moving
from AWS to GCP is like very hard but
moving from like a open AI model to
anthropic model. You just like change
like one line of code you know. C
>> can you say a little bit more about this
chat GBT wrapper concept? Like my sense
is certainly for what you built but
probably for other companies that a lot
of the work that your engineers are
doing is not like AI work. It's
traditional software work. It's the
ability to hook this system up to
enterprise customers. It's, you know,
good oldfashioned like product and and
infrastructure building that is diff
very different from what OpenAI or
Anthropic are providing you. And that's
hard work. Like just just like building
any software system is hard work. And
and everyone's very enamored of this
idea that like in 5 years I can just
show you a piece of software and just
tell a coding agent just like replicate
this piece of software and that's going
to mean lower software modes. I don't
think you think of it that way. So maybe
describe like your thinking or critique
of this like chaty rapper concern that
that people have.
>> People
say rapper in a derogatory way. It's
like hey you're just a rapper and yeah I
mean again it's not like it's not black
and white like yes there are a lot of
apps that are just rappers that are not
going to become real businesses because
like it's there's just not that much
value. Um I mean one argument and again
I don't know too much about this space
but at least from the outside it has
seemed like um copywriting for example
has been difficult because you know
someone can just log into chatbt and
just like hey write this for me and I'll
just write it. So there there are things
where if there's not enough like tooling
and functionality on top of something
for it to be really valuable and like
needed then maybe it is easier to just
leverage the models. But most of the
time it's that's not the case. And
especially when you get into agents um
an agent is not just a model, right? You
have to like design it. You have to be
able to put in guardrails. You have to
be able to teach how to do new things.
And that's where the sort of software
layer on top of the models come in. And
if if that's valuable, then it's just
much harder for for them to be made
obsolete by a model update.
Um I mean the thing the the other side
of it is like okay well now the labs are
quite interested in building
applications, right? So they're building
a bunch of cloud coding applications and
uh like cloud code and so on and so
those will end up being competitors with
cognition or uh cursor and and maybe for
that reason it is wise for the coding
agents to start training stuff as well.
I would say for us right now at least
the the just like sheer amount of like
functionality you have to build because
it is a very top down like product is
quite large that has nothing to do with
AI. It's just like stuff like okay, how
do you, you know, have like
observability into like what the
conversations are? How do you alert uh
the team if like something spikes and um
how do you like how are you able to QA
and have unit tests for the the
conversations so that like before you
push it out to end users, you feel it's
like there's just all this like
functionality that's there that doesn't
really have anything to do with AI
really. And so you just it's just like a
lot of stuff that
>> How would you uh advise other founders
thinking about the ideal customers to go
after? What are the what are the most
interesting qualities of your best
customers? Like when you're qualifying
them, are they going to be you know you
have limited time like you can only
serve so many people. I know you're
growing really fast, but you can only
serve so many c customers at any given
time. How do you qualify who you want to
work with and don't? Like what are the
attributes that you've seen matter the
most? Yeah, we want people that are
intellectually just like at the
leadership level just like really
curious and excited about technology and
you actually see a huge spectrum of that
in the enterprise and some of in my
opinion the best leaders and like
probably the folks that we are most
excited to work with they're just like
genuinely like hey we want to move on AI
as fast as possible we're very
interested and just curious about how
all your systems work and as a result
I'm going to help just like cut through
all the just like croft and like
bureaucracy to get something going.
And you can actually I think you can
tell that pretty clearly in the first
conversation. You can tell if someone's
if if they're like legit about like, you
know, this is something where I'm going
to both push aggressively but also give
you a ton of feedback and like the
feedback is going to be good versus
someone where they just they know it's
like a board mandate and it's just like
a AI is like a a thing on their to-do
list basically.
>> How do you mark milestones in the
business? Like how do you how do you
motivate the team? What have you learned
about how to rally around a given thing?
I know you're super aggressive when you
have a customer that you want to get
that it's not just like a old school
sales process. It's like an all hands on
deck, you know, send engineers, do
whatever it takes. What have you learned
about motivating milestones, rallying
the team, organizing around common
goals?
>> Yeah, for us, I mean, one thing we we do
always is we always have like a sort of
a flag pole that's within sight that can
just kind of rally everyone around it.
Having things to rally around are quite
helpful. I was kind of thinking about
this the other day. I think another type
of rallying is around just competition,
right? I think when people feel like
they're, you know, in a battle and
there's like, you know, clear enemies,
then it makes sense to and like again,
you don't you don't want to get to the
point where people are just actively
like there's like active animosity, but
just kind of healthy level of
competition. It kind of ties a team
together because there's like, you know,
something to focus on. Same thing with
milestones. Like if you give someone a
if you give everyone a clear milestone
and this can be like pretty
insignificant like last last year we had
for our revenue milestone we told
everyone we get them like super nice
jackets. You got like, you know, Decagon
Arcterics jackets and everyone's like
super excited about that about that. And
if you just think about like
>> the cost of the jacket,
>> the cost of the jacket and just how much
people get paid, it's like just like
trivial, but it just creates like this,
hey, we're we're working towards like
these jackets, right? And uh it brings
the team together because now, you know,
like it just feels like everyone's
working together towards this common
goal.
And uh that's been a big part part of
our our culture is just finding what is
the next milestone.
>> Anything that we haven't covered about
either the business or this exciting you
know AI applications world that you feel
especially passionate about.
>> I think what is become almost a meme or
hyped up a lot in
AI startups right now are like a couple
things. One obviously everyone's in
person. It's like 996 or whatever. Um I
actually I don't actually think 996 is
that healthy. uh it happens in China and
everyone's like super hardcore but one
of the reasons is that like no one has
jobs over there so it's it's very easy
for uh employers to have leverage I
think here you generally want to
maintain a good balance because if
you're working super high intensity uh
you need time to let like relax a little
bit but that is that is one element the
other element is the forward deployed
engineers so everyone's talking about
forward deployed engineers I just think
it's kind of funny because my my my
co-founder came from Palanteer so they
actually have forward deployed engineers
what a forward play an engineer at
Palunteer means is like you're working
on a you 10 $25 million deal and so
you're you're actually just like you
almost full-time working with either one
or a small number of customers and like
building very specifically for that. I
think people are a little bit conflating
that with what startups do which is
startups are just very hands-on and do
things that don't scale but for you to
actually have a FTE model you need to
have like massive clients and most
people do not have massive clients.
So I'm actually I'm kind of interested
to see how that plays out because I do
think there's like a overindexing on
this like forward deployed engineering
model right now where it's like yeah
it's like I have a for engineer and the
deal sizes are like 50k you know and
that's something we think about a lot as
well like we we are very hands-on with
our customers. You have to think about
like okay well you know how do we scale
quickly right if you if for every you we
don't have 50k clients but if you if for
every 50k client you have like someone
that's like fully staffed to them that's
like impossible to scale right
>> so you need to find that line in the
middle and I think the full forward
deploy model only works with the the
palunteer approach
>> presumably on this side you do care a
lot about your margins like margins
you're much more open about if it's just
like LLM cost or something like this but
if it's fully baked like people cost
like that's going to be a problem.
>> Yeah. And it's not even a problem
necessarily from the pure dollar
margins. It's just like it just prevents
you from scaling. No one can hire good
people like that fast, right? Like good
it's just hard to hire good people. So
if your business is fully constrained on
good people, then that's also not a good
thing.
>> What do you think the minimum uh
customer size and revenue is to justify
a forward deployed engineer model?
>> Oh, like probably a million.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Fascinating. Well, I think
you know my traditional closing question
for everybody. What is the kindest thing
that anyone's ever done for you?
>> I did put a lot of thought into it. I
think um so when I was little, like uh
call it ages, you know, 5 to 13, like
elementary, middle school. Um it's
pretty like lazy kid in general. And I
think most most kids are. There's very
few people that are just like
intrinsically self-motivated.
I Yeah. wanted to just like play games
all the time or just like hang out with
friends or play sports. And um yeah, my
parents had like a very kind of
interesting way of of raising us, me and
my sister. And so what they did was
basically when we were really little, uh
it was like an extreme level of like uh
discipline. Um like when I was little, I
played a lot of piano. It's like
essentially like three, four hours a
day. And then for competitions, like
they just pull me out of school and just
like go hard at it.
And then I guess fortunately for me, my
uh parents decided that like okay, math
was probably a better way to go and they
like um I I was like quite talented at
math when I was little. And so and then
even for that it's just like full force
like you're just committing everything.
Um we did not have TV in the house. We
didn't have video games. We uh don't
didn't really take vacation growing up.
And it's just kind of like uh you're
you're kind of in this mindset of like
you're sacrificing like most things to
kind of focus on one thing.
And when you're a kid actually like it
doesn't you don't have no frame of
reference. So you don't know um it
doesn't feel hard necessarily. It's cuz
like because your parents are kind of
setting up the criteria for you. And I
would say in in hindsight I had a very
very happy childhood. But I think that
level of just discipline and um just
yeah also just competitiveness is like
it's very hard to uh gain that like
after your childhood is over because
when you're in your childhood your
brain's still forming so it kind of like
that kind of forms your personality. I'm
very grateful for that. And uh and I
think that's also why when I talk about
sort of like my generation of like we
there were a lot of like immigrant
parents from my generation that came
over for grad school and then like you
know they're all around my age and I
think this like our crop of folks just
are doing very well partly because of
that like partly because of the
upbringing. And then what my parents did
um I think which is the more unique side
is that a lot of times what happens
especially it's like the stereotypical
Asian parent is that that just like
continues and you just have like
overbearing parents. Um and I I would
say even though my parents were very
sort of intense about things, uh they
they never had any like sort of
semblance of like overbearingness like
they wouldn't they wouldn't like you
know prevent us for from like doing
things we wanted to do or like force us
to like hey you should like pick this or
whatever and so on. And what happened
was like towards the end of middle
school into high school, I think we had
already kind of established these
personalities and like we like basically
my parents like just pounded a uh sort
of lazy like wanted to play around kid
into uh someone that was just like very
very driven and um and then then then to
their credit they just like completely
like laid off like um and they don't
like they don't have any opinions on
like what we do for careers and like
what we should do. They're like very
supportive. You basically just need
parents that are willing to spend a ton
of time like crafting this childhood for
you to kind of develop this. And I think
a lot of the things I have in life right
now are like from that.
>> So yeah, that's probably the the kindest
thing. And then my like my sister as
well, like she was just always try to
sacrifice things for for me and like for
when I was trying to achieve things. And
so, um, yeah, and now we've, uh, I'm try
to spend as many as much time with our
parents as possible.
>> Well, this has been so much fun. I'm so
fascinated by the business that you've
built and are building. Thanks for
explaining it to us and bringing us sort
of right right to that white hot center
in so many different ways. Thanks for
your time.
>> Well, thanks for having me.
[Music]